Hey wait a minute
I remember Manager Liu said
He doesn't recognize any daughter at all
Why is there a daughter's phone number?
How can a down payment be possible to ride a broken motorcycle?
He's definitely not the eldest lady
Must be here to deceive
Who do I want your phone number from?
I still need to see you in person
You really don't know
This lady is tens of millions per minute
What are you doing?
Get him out of here
Don't waste my time
Do you hear me?
Hurry up and try it
Do not touch me
Since you don't believe it
Then call Manager Liu over
Let him tell you who the eldest lady is
Why don't we be careful?
In case you offend the real money Miss Jin
I bought just the smallest apartment
Who should know a big butler like Manager Liu?
Don't you want to do it?
Don't come tomorrow.
Miss, don't be angry
He's a stalker
He is a liar
I don't know any housekeeper Liu at all
Let's continue to watch him pretend
Let's see how he pretends
Song Tiantian, are you guilty?
How is that possible?
I just don't want to waste time.
And with your broken mobile phone number, you say it's Manager Liu.
Who knows if you found someone to fake it?
Then at least I can call Manager Liu over
How can you prove your identity?
Do not parse
You really don't cry when you see the coffin?
I said I'm the real lady
I have the real estate certificate of Kangchen Yipin
How about you? Do you have any?
Limit you to 3 minutes
Put all the real estate certificates of Kangcheng Yipin
Bring it to me.